( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
Yanyun
dares to oppose me
only because
His Majesty backs him.
The Li family has finally produced
a half-decent emperor,
though
a bit too impatient.
He's eager to handle state affairs himself.
But the court
is already a mess.
How could
a boy like him
fix it?
Your Excellency,
as far as I'm concerned,
His Majesty is young
and doesn't understand
your good intentions.
You spent years
cultivating Yanyun
and even entrusted
His Majesty to his care.
Yet
in the end,
he betrayed you
and led His Majesty astray.
I made him what he is.
I can...
Yu, you're here?
Go
make a pot of
the finest tea.
Yes.
Thanks.
I heard something interesting
and came to
report it to you.
What is it?
The candidate list
for Daily Lecturer posts at Hanlin Academy.
Let me see.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Except
one name is missing.
Who?
Chen Xuanqing.
He really isn't.
I've asked around.
Guess what I found?
He's being transferred.
Really?
To Anqing Prefecture.
Yanyun arranged it himself.
Well,
everyone knows
Chen Xuanqing is the nephew
Yanyun took in.
The boy is talented,
so
Yanyun has had high hopes for him.
Coming third in the imperial exams,
entering the Hanlin Academy,
and later
serving as an envoy to the northern steppe.
Quite a distinguished record.
Yanyun had paved the way for him
and was
clearly grooming him
as his successor.
Now Xuanqing's
sidelined to Anqing.
I'd say
there's been a falling-out between them,
and not
a small one.
That's interesting.
As you asked, I took men
to the northern border to investigate
and
did find traces
of the Chunyuan remnants.
How many?
At first, we only found
a dozen or so.
But as I followed the trail,
I found more of them.
Those hand signs you told me about
really helped.
Without that lead,
I never would have found them.
What do they do for a living?
The poor ones take odd jobs,
while the rich ones run businesses.
They're in all walks of life.
Got any leads on their leader?
Mr. Chen.
No need for formalities.
Have a seat.
Please go on.
I looked into their leader as well.
The Chunyuan Sect Master
is very mysterious.
No one knows what he looks like.
However,
I did uncover
an important clue.
Back when Prince Chengqing's rebellion failed,
these Chunyuan sect members
managed to flee from the capital
to the northern steppe
because someone was secretly funding them.
Who?
Someone known
as Lady Weirui.
Lady Weirui?
Even I
have never heard of such a person.
Miss.
Miss,
this is a letter from Ms. Xue.
Qinglan says
she'd like to meet us.
Sorry to disturb you so late.
I'll get straight to the point.
What have you
found out about the Chunyuan Sect?
Haven't you been
investigating with Xian?
Why not ask him?
I did,
but he wouldn't tell me.
I have my own reasons
for looking into the Chunyuan Sect.
Don't worry.
I won't reveal anything.
Nor will I act against you.
In fact,
we're after the same
thing.
If I'm not mistaken,
you want to track down
the Chunyuan Sect
because
of your late mother.
I've heard that
over a decade ago, she was
killed by Chunyuan Sect members.
What are you doing?
That was supposed to be a secret.
How do you know this?
As a Grand Secretary,
of course I know
more than most people.
Otherwise,
how could I
let you stay
by Ye Xian's side?
Qinglan.
So I'm right about you.
You've been hiding your hand.
Right.
I came to you
because of my mom.
Back then, the Chunyuan Sect
aided Prince Chengqing's rebellion
and had enormous influence in the capital.
Many officials and their families
were assassinated.
My mom was one of the victims.
She drank
poisoned tea
and passed away.
Have you found any leads?
If I had,
would I be here asking you?
But I know
the one who poisoned her
must have been someone close to her.
Sounds like you already
have someone in mind.
You must know
more than I do.
Tell me.
Who is truly behind
the Chunyuan Sect?
I only have suspicions.
No solid evidence yet.
On the day Wang Xuanfan
and his wife died,
Jinzhao, Xian,
and I
saw the bodies.
So you suspect
the mastermind is
my uncle?
As I said,
there's no proof yet.
Alright.
I get it.
Thank you for telling me these.
I owe you a favor.
No need for that.
What do you mean?
You are my master's niece
and a daughter of the Xue family.
But
above all, you're a subject of Great Yan.
Ms. Xue, I only hope that
when
hard choices come,
you can do the right thing.
The clown actor
looks kinda familiar.
I feel like I've seen him somewhere.
You don't know?
That's Chen Yanyun's nephew,
Chen Xuanqing.
Your Excellency.
I caught a bit of
your performance just now.
Not bad at all.
The stage makeup suits you too.
You performed
this well after just one lesson.
Very clever.
I'm flattered.
If you don't want to leave the capital,
you should ask your uncle for help.
Why
did you come to me?
I did go to him,
but he refused.
Why?
Probably
because I'm eager to stand out
and end up displeasing my uncle.
Besides,
I'm not of the Chen bloodline.
I'm adopted.
You wanna stay in the capital?
Yes.
Are you aware
that your uncle
used to be my student,
but we're now
bitter enemies?
I am.
That is
precisely why I came.
I may not be gifted,
but my loyalty is absolute.
I'm willing to serve you.
Good.
Ms. Yu,
you're already drunk.
What do I do?
Miss.
How is she?
She's on her second pot.
I couldn't stop her.
The moment I tried,
she started crying.
Stop drinking.
Why torture yourself like this?
You know
Chen Xuanqing isn't the right man.
I only told you not to marry him
for your own good.
I said stop.
Give it to me.
Give it back.
Ziling,
have Zhidi
bring the carriage to the back door.
Yes.
I'm taking you home.
I'm not going back.
Come on.
I'm not going!
Move.
- I don't wanna go back.
- Watch your step.
- I won't go.
- Get in.
Let go of me.
No.
Xuanqing?
- Xuanqing?
- Where are you going?
Xuanqing.
Xuanqing,
it's me, Wanxue.
Xuanqing.
Xuanqing?
Xuanqing!
Xuanqing, don't go.
Xuanqing?
Xuanqing? Xuanqing?
Xuanqing, wait.
Xuanqing, Xuanqing!
Xuanqing!
Stop yelling.
He doesn't wanna see you.
That's good.
We don't want to see him either.
Help me get her back.
Xuanqing!
Come on.
- Xuanqing!
- Stop looking back.
- Wanxue.
- Careful.
Please don't go.
That will be all for today's morning court.
Is Your Majesty heading to the Wenhua Hall?
Indeed.
Today,
the lecturers will test me on my studies.
I'm rather nervous about it.
I haven't checked on
Your Majesty's studies lately.
Why not summon the lecturers
here instead,
so we can all observe?
Mr. Fu, you wanna
test the lecturers
on my behalf first?
Zhang Fang,
summon the lecturers here.
Yes, Your Majesty.
The lecturers have arrived!
We, Chen Xuanqing,
Chu Junliang, and Li Rufei,
humbly pay our respects.
Long live Your Majesty.
Please rise.
Thanks, Your Majesty.
Xuanqing,
why are you here?
Your Majesty,
Lecturer Liu's ill and has taken leave.
Chancellor Wu has asked me
to take his place.
Great.
The last time I saw you was
when you returned from the northern steppe.
Half a year has passed,
and you look even more impressive.
Let us begin
with you today.
Yes, Your Majesty.
I...
[Impeach]
my uncle?
I...
On what grounds?
For corrupt morals,
scandalous conduct,
stealing your wife,
and defying moral decency.
This...
How...
Where did you hear that?
There's no such thing.
Yunting?
Why are you here?
Haven't you gone back already?
What are you doing here?
I didn't go back.
I was...
Sir,
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
They forced me
to tell them the truth.
I was terrified.
What did you say?
I told them about Nanny Wang.
And...
And about you and Mrs. Chen.
Please forgive me.
Who would have thought a top scholar
like you
would have the nerve to commit murder?
Seems I misjudged you.
What a pity.
I've known Yanyun for over ten years
and never once saw him
fall for a woman.
How surprising.
They say
another man's wife is more tempting,
especially his nephew's.
Xuanqing,
His Majesty is talking to you.
Right.
What insight do you have for me today?
Your Majesty,
before today's lecture,
I want to impeach someone.
Oh?
Who?
My uncle,
Grand Secretary
of the Jianji Hall,
Chen Yanyun.
Remember to check the wine lists every day.
By the way,
as for wine bought
by regular customers,
mark the payment dates in red.
Okay.
I got it.
Hyah!
Jinzhao?
Ma'am.
Mr. Jiang, you...
Bad news.
In the 34th year of Jingning era,
I met Gu Jinzhao at her coming-of-age
ceremony.
She fell into the water by accident,
and I
saved her life.
From that, feelings grew between us.
Yet the Ji family,
to attach themselves to Chen Yanyun,
sent her to the capital
and offered her to him.
When Chen Yanyun
learned of our relationship,
he threatened me with failing imperial exams
and forced me into
an engagement with Ms. Yu.
And while I was away as envoy
to the northern steppe,
he forced Jinzhao to marry him.
Lies!
Minister Chen isn't that kind of man.
I have a letter
from Jinzhao as proof.
She
wrote it herself.
Later, when I
was forced into the engagement,
I returned most of her letters
and kept only one
to remember her by.
But this one letter
is enough to prove
that she and I
had pledged ourselves to each other first,
while Chen Yanyun
took her by force afterward.
If I've lied about any of this,
may I
die a terrible death.
You!
You're called here for the lecture.
Why
bring up private matters?
You...
Your Majesty,
can I say a few words?
Go on.
I recall
when
Yanyun married Gu Jinzhao,
he and Ye Xian
had a serious clash.
Ye Xian attempted to kill him
in the street,
and they had a fight.
At the time,
I told him that self-cultivation,
household order, and governance
all matter equally.
But now
he and his nephew are fighting
over the same woman.
I
truly cannot make sense of it.
Xuanqing
was raised and taught
by Yanyun himself
and selected by the late Emperor.
For him
to cast aside his dignity
and future
and to accuse Yanyun in court,
he must
have been driven
to the brink.
Yanyun can't keep his household in order,
and his conduct is disgraceful.
He's unfit to serve the court.
I'm
his master.
I'm at fault too.
Please punish me
as well.
Chen Yanyun is disgraceful
and unfit to serve.
Please
punish him!
Your Majesty, punish him!
This...
Your Excellency,
you're pinning the charges
on me
in case
I won't confess.
Your Majesty,
I have a question.
As far as I know,
Xuanqing resigned from
the Hanlin Academy a month ago.
So why is he
here today
in place of Lecturer Liu?
Who arranged all this?
How did he enter the palace?
And what exactly does
the man behind this want?
No need to hint
at a conspiracy.
I took him
into the palace.
Your Majesty,
several days ago,
Xuanqing came to me
and told me all
his grievances.
I couldn't bear
to see such
talent wasted
because of Yanyun's
private grudge.
So I asked him
if he dared to confront Yanyun in court.
He said he did.
So I
brought him here
and gave him a chance to be heard.
Master, how righteous of you.
But Your Excellency,
you've violated court procedure.
Don't change the subject.
Remember,
rules yield to circumstances.
Well said.
Xuanqing!
You're no child
and should know the consequences.
Are you threatening him?
Minister Chen,
you may defend
yourself now.
Your Majesty,
I
have a few questions for Xuanqing.
Go ahead.
Xuanqing,
did you come here today to impeach me
of your own accord
or were you coerced?
[Your Excellency!]
Your Excellency! Your Excellency!
It's not that I won't obey you,
but
to impeach my uncle
is like denouncing my own dad.
Even if I succeed,
my career will be finished.
I'm sorry.
I really can't do this.
You've committed murder.
What career is there left to protect?
Besides...
The third graduate in imperial exams
and Grand Secretary's nephew
turns out to be a bandit's son.
How fascinating.
I came of my own will.
No one forced me.
Is your conscience clear?
[The bandit's son]
[took the imperial exams]
and even ranked third.
For deceiving the Emperor
alone,
you'll
lose your title at best.
At worst,
you'll be imprisoned or exiled.
As for the murder...
Yes.
Everything I've said is the truth.
You drove me to this.
You don't regret it?
[You even played the clown on stage.]
What is there left to fear?
Instead of dying unknown,
why not take a shot
and make your name
before the court?
No.
Fine.
Great.
Your Majesty,
I
have no more questions
and
nothing to say in my defense.
Chen Xuanqing
has turned on me,
shamed the Chen family,
spouted nonsense,
and defied Your Majesty.
But I must
still consider my wife and my family.
As for his accusations against me,
I'm not someone
who swears oaths to prove his innocence.
I can only say
that truth is plain
for all to see.
This is utterly outrageous!
Court dismissed!
Minister Chen, come with me.
I need to know
what exactly has happened.
That felt good.
Really good.
Today, before His Majesty
and the entire court,
I exposed you
for the hypocrite
you are,
Chen Yanyun.
What do I have to fear?
What is there to fear?
Even His Excellency's
no my side.
I have
nothing to fear.
Chen Yanyun,
you can only blame yourself.
You're shameless
and pushed me too far.
Now with
His Excellency's help,
my rise is assured.
But you?
Chen Yanyun,
your reputation ruined,
your career destroyed.
You'll be at my mercy.
Who is it?
Lord Chen, it's time to go now.
Of course he couldn't defend himself.
Grand Secretary accused by
his nephew of taking his bride-to-be.
Whether it's true or not,
once this spreads,
it becomes a scandal that disgraces
His Majesty and the court.
Even if His Majesty wanted to protect him,
there is nothing he can do.
Exactly.
Poor Gu Jinzhao.
Such a clever girl.
Yet of all men,
she chose Yanyun.
Ma'am,
Ms. Qinglan is here.
Qinglan?
Lately,
she's been investigating cases with Ye Xian.
Now she
finally remembers to visit me.
[Chen Xuanqing has sided with His Excellency]
- [to bring Mr. Chen down.]
- Hyah!
[If His Excellency finds out]
- [the Criminal Investigation Bureau files]
- Hyah!
[in the Ji family,]
[we'll be in serious trouble.]
Hyah!
How
did you know this?
Xian was ordered to root out
the Chunyuan remnants in Xuanfu.
I went with him.
Later, we split up.
I did
manage to
capture a few of them.
One of them claimed that
even before Prince Chengqing's rebellion,
he personally saw you and Uncle Fu
at one of their gatherings.
That's impossible.
They must be lying.
But he gave
many details.
It's hard to tell.
Of course it's false.
What do you plan to do?
Nothing, of course.
I've taken care of that guy.
I can't just let them slander you.
Does Ye Xian...
He doesn't know.
Qinglan,
good job.
I've always
treated you
like my own daughter.
His words were
clearly slander,
but
the fewer people know,
the better.
Exactly.
But he
even dare frame you.
This is outrageous.
There's definitely someone behind him.
He may even be
of the Chunyuan Sect's inner circle.
Don't worry.
I've sent people to look into it quietly.
Following the trail,
we'll surely find out
who is behind this.
It's fine for you to investigate,
but
do it quietly.
This involves
the Chunyuan remnants.
If word gets out,
your uncle will be implicated.
Come to me the moment
you find anything.
You're right.
I'll be careful.
Get out! Both of you!
Minister Chen,
I wasn't confused.
No.
Perhaps I was.
I thought
Chen Xuanqing's your nephew,
so I gave him
a chance to prove himself.
Who would have expected
that bastard to defy the throne
and betray you?
I'm really sorry.
Your Majesty, please
don't say that.
I fail to manage the household well.
Though
I did not expect Master
to turn Xuanqing against me,
fortunately,
it didn't stray far from my plan.
Right.
With
or without Chen Xuanqing
and Wang Xuanfan,
Mr. Fu would've suppressed you anyway,
to control the entire court.
So cutting frontier troops
and slashing military spending
can be decided by him alone.
You foresaw all of this.
Tell me,
if he's
colluding with Northern Barbarians,
would he commit treason?
What if...
What if they invade us?
That is unlikely.
How can you be sure?
Your Majesty,
these are only suspicions.
At present,
there are
only two urgent matters.
Crack down all the active
Chunyuan remnants in Great Yan.
That's one thing.
Quietly win over the military nobles,
in case the worst should come.
That's the other.
But
both must be
kept from Fu.
Okay.
I will
write to
Lord Jingyuan and the others.
Your Majesty,
take it easy.
We can still turn the tables.
Now that
I bear this charge,
Fu may
lower his guard.
It'll be easier
for me to make moves.
So just
handle whatever comes your way.
Leave
the rest to me.
Good.
With you here,
I have nothing to worry about.
Thanks, Your Majesty.
I'll take
my leave.
Sir.
Sir,
everyone from the Ji family
is here.
Let them go,
or I'll kill you.
You think I'm afraid of death?
You're insane.
Yes,
I am.
To make Chen Yanyun,
the lofty Chancellor,
bow his head and beg me on his knees,
I'll do whatever it takes,
even if it costs me my life.
He should be here soon.
Take them all back to the Court of Judicial.
Jinzhao!
When Chen Yanyun arrives,
tell him to kneel and beg me.
Perhaps then,
I'll spare the Ji family.
Keep dreaming.
Yanyun?
Sir,
I was only following orders.
Yanyun.
You ungrateful bastard!
Go save Grandma.
Are you alright?
It's only a shallow cut.
Jinzhao, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Xuanqing,
I never thought you'd do such things.
You're a monster.
Yanyun,
I know what you've hidden
in the Ji family.
Once my men
find them,
you'll all be doomed.
Is that so?
Yeah,
unless
you beg me on your knees.
Beg you
on my knees?
Exactly.
Yanyun,
look how far you've fallen.
Idiot.
You know why
I sent you out of the capital.
You know nothing
of how the court works.
Let go!
Let go of me!
Let me go!
Let...
What are you doing?